Notes from Bloc Foundation Recap
I'm rereading the entire bloc foundation course with the goal of converting it into a series of algorithms for accomplishing specific tasks in Objective-C. This should help with learning swift later- i can convert it much more easily into other languages in general, though it'll be of questionable usage if i do so as much of it is built into the Apple platform.

So. Starting off. Notes for every page.

1 Bloc Structure. how much time, apprenticeship, roadmap, appointments, syllabus page1
2 Syllabus p2- 
-screenhero, 
-google hangouts/skype, and 
-xcode are all that's necessary. 
I think i should get maybe a smaller computer even less capable of other things. +1return Distraction. If so, a mac mini probably, in some place without internet. +1return
Code reviews and Pull Requests are critical. A code review is a systematic examination of computer source code, intended to find and fix mistakes overlooked in the initial development phase.
Pull Requests are done through github. Pull requests ask others to review the set of changes suggested in the pull request, discuss potential modification, and push follow-up commits if necessary. +1return 

Review Pull Request process with Steve, formally set up projects in Github for multipeer project as fork from other 'example of functioning multipeer' project.

Bloc Overflow- went there and took a look. Seems pretty good. My approach is too wildly different for it though. Trying to answer other peoples' questions might be a good exercise. +1ret

messages for comm with tutor, community via bloc hacker club. Hacker club teams 
3 syllabus p3
-use basecamp to organize projects.
assignment based on mentor expectations and apprentice expectations. 
Mentor expectationsYour mentor will lead your apprenticeship and may adjust the course to accommodate your learning curve Your mentor will be on time for meetings and meetings will last approximately 30 minutesYour mentor will respond promptly to issues that are blocking your progressYour mentor will review and complete submitted checkpoints and assignments in a timely fashionYour mentor will conduct regular code reviewsApprentice expectationsYou will trust the knowledge and experience of your mentor and accept the assignments and projects provided by your mentor You will be self-driven, motivated to learn, and able to commit at least 15/25/40 hours a week to working on the course based on your trackYou will attend meetings on time and be available for at least 30 minutes to work with your mentorYou will focus on how well you understand the information and not just whether or not your answer is "correct"You will keep your mentor informed when you get stuck, letting them know what the problem is and how you've sought to resolve it

—contacted Steve at 1200 aug 16 2015 about this project, feeling stuck, needing to re-understand the information to make new correct answers. 

Initialized Github repo on github.com, put files for these notes into folder. Broke notes into the 6 section notes1of6 format. Ran the following code in the folder to achieve this:

cd [into folder, in this case BlocQuickRef in XcodeProj in Desktop]
git init
git add .
git commit -m 'Initial Commit- added bloc foundation pdf files and blocquickref notes 1of6 file in progress'

[note, had to go through all of frickin' bloc again to find how to sync with a github account using their setup. Github's suggestions are useless too.

git remote add origin https://github.com/pscheyer/BlocQuickRef.git
git push origin master

Takes a bit. the .pdfs are pretty big.

Saved this file and ran

git add .
git commit -m 'addl notes on process of initializing git and commits.'

Moving on. p4
4 - cut
5 - install and get to know Xcode
Xcode includes the IDE, 
LLVM compiler which turns code you write into an app
Instruments for mreasuring and tuning your app's performance
iOS simulator for running your app on your computer
the latest OSX and iOS SDKs, which make it simpler to write native apps for these platforms. Followed link to SDK- a set of software dev tools allowing creation of apps for specific platforms.

Recommends we sign up for the developer program allowing testing, debugging, directly on iOS devices.
Gives access to unreleased betas of iOS and XCode
grants access to pple dev forums, where you can ask questions of apple engineers and other knowledgeable people.
lets you distribute apps on the app store.

Starts with configuring XCode.

p6 update XCode preferences. 
Add your account if you signed up for dev
A graphic on how the preferences should be updated. 

Header Taking XCode for a spin
Select create a new xcode project from the welcome to xcode menu. Or, press file -> new -> project.

7 Graphic and Algorithm for this application:
1. SelectApplicationunderiOSinthemenuontheleft2. SelectMaster-DetailApplication3. PressNext4. Enter"hello"intheProductNametextfield5. EnteryournameintheOrganizationNametextfield.Forexample:JohnAppleseed6. Entercom.<youruserhandle>intheCompanyIdentifiertextfield.Forexample:com.john‐appleseed7. SelectObjective-Casyourlanguage8. LeavetheremainingoptionsastheyareandpressNext9. SelectafoldertosaveyourXcodeprojectin,andpressCreate(Tip:youmaywanttocreateanewfoldercalled"XcodeProjects"tokeepeverything organized on your computer).





